Ahem. This is a BrainNy4n program. It will read like the ramblings of a mad
man, but that is entirely normal.

Tsun! I love a bit of tsun. Tsun is the way to be. If you're doubly so, are
you tsuntsun? Tsun... Tsun is a state of mind!? Tsun is life!  Anta wouldn't
understand~  Nyan, tsuntsun! A cat who is tsuntsun! Don't you think that's the
best? If not, ANTA BWAKA! Nyancore is the best music genre. I'm tsun for
grunge, but not so tsun for indie rock.

My cat has something to say: Nyan! I think my cat is tsun for me. Then again,
one might suppose cats are tsun for most things. If they weren't so tsun,
maybe we'd hear less nyan and more purring. They always start off tsun, but
with a bit of effort you can reduce the tsun levels with treats. But screw up,
and they'll be back to super tsun faster than you can say nyan! Or even tsun!

A dog goes wan wan and it makes my heart go wan wan kyun! So dere! Not baka at
at all. If a dog hears a nyan, it goes all tsun! Nyan: Tsun. No nyan: Dere!
Nyannyan is way out. All you get for that is tsun. Anta! Do you understand the
power of the wan yet, baka? Wan: Dere! Baka: Nyan! Nyan comes from nekos! Nyan
is not dere! Only dere is dere!

Never fear the power of the neko. Though their tsun power is unrivalled,
their tsun nature makes them woefully weak against puppies. Tsun is only good
for one thing: Generating more tsun! Tsun can be beautiful, but only if you
like tsun! If you like tsun, you will like nekos. Neko = Tsun! Tsun = Tsun!
Nekos go nyan! Nyan = Neko! Wan = Dere! I'm losing my mind! Neko! Wan Neko!
Tsun! Tsun! Tsun! Neko! Dere! Dere! Dere! Dere! Dere! Dere! Neko! Dere! Dere!
Dere! Dere! Dere! Dere! Dere! Dere! Neko! Nyan! Nyan! Tsun! Neko! Nyan! Tsun!
Tsun! Nyan! Neko!
